feat(NODE-4925)!: remove deprecated options and types (#3513)
mongodb/node-mongodb-native: etc/notes/CHANGES_5.0.0.md

## Changes

### `AddUserOptions.digestPassword` removed

The `digestPassword` option has been removed from the add user helper.

### Removal of Internal Types from Public API

The following types are used internally the driver but were accidentally exported.  They have now been
marked internal and are no longer exported.

- ServerSelector
- PipeOptions
- ServerOptions

### `DeleteOptions.single` Option Removed

TODO - merge in Neal's removal of `collection.remove` and combine notes

### Remove of `ObjectID` Type in Favor Of `ObjectId`

> `ObjectID` was exported for legacy reasons and has been removed.  Please use `ObjectId` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For clarity the deprecated and duplicate export ObjectID has been removed. ObjectId matches the class name and is equal in every way to the capital "D" export.
```

Just copy pasting what we put in the BSON migration for consistency.

### Kerberos Option `gssapiCanonicalizeHostName` Removed

`gssapiCanonicalizeHostName` has been removed in favor of the `CANONICALIZE_HOST_NAME` value.

### `Projection` and `ProjectionOperations` Types Removed

Both of these types were unused but exported.  These types have been removed.  Please
use `Document` instead.

### `CommandOperationOptions.fullResponse` Option Removed

The `fullResponse` option on the `CommandOperationOptions` as unused in the driver and has been removed.

### `BulkWriteOptions.keepGoing` Option Removed

The `keepGoing` option on the `BulkWriteOptions` has been removed.  Please use the `ordered` option instead.

### `WriteConcernError.err()` Removed

The `err()` getter on the WriteConcernError class has been removed.  The `toJSON()` method can be in place
of `err()`.

> ### slaveOk options removed

Author: the diff is messed up - i fixed a typo here
